[Music]
[Applause]
jazmine Donald goofy yeah just one I
never had the chance to thank you for
before you helped Aladdin defeat that
awful too far and save a proba all in a
day's work but it looks like the
Heartless are up to no good again
is there any way we can help you out I
think we're all right for now I mean you
always got Aladdin he hasn't been
himself lately
I'm not sure
usually he's the same tearful Aladdin
but sometimes he just seems sad he
leaves the palace and goes off by
himself all the time I've asked him
about it but he says nothing's wrong
he's gone again today what if he doesn't
come back this time hey baby's got a
secret girlfriend I know I'll go find
out who she is
Iago quick Sora catch him
and I'll warn the cards and everyone in
the palace that's the thing Iago is not
[Music]
nice move maybe it's something you said
gee maybe we should go talk to Aladdin
he's gotta be somewhere in town right
good idea
I wonder what he's been doing
[Music]
stop please hi Sora come back here if
you can't control that football put a
leash on him look I'm sorry you should
be ashamed of yourself Abu no hard
feelings a fool
hey guys sorry about earlier I was kinda
in a hurry what happened
you know abou you couldn't keep this
paws off that lamp boo talking your way
out of this one
[Music]
[Applause]